---
date: 2021-11-21
slug: log-in-2-github-account-on-one-pc-en
language: English
title: How to log in to two GitHub accounts on the same computer at the same time
description: After switching Git accounts, it was difficult to switch back, and the tutorials found on the Internet were all outdated. So I tried my own way. Log in to the Git terminal with 1 account, and download the GitHub desktop to log in to a second. This time it was fine.
categories: [Tech]
tags: [GitHub]
keywords: [git,GitHub desktop]
comments: true
---

## Switch to the second GitHub account

Recently, due to some personal needs, I wanted to use my second GitHub account to commit and push codes on the Git terminal. After searching for many tutorials on the Internet, I finally found a way to log out of my first GitHub account.

The fastest way to log out is this:

1. Use shortcuts `win+R` to evocative window `run`, input `control` to open the Control Panel.
2. Input `credentials` in the search box of the Control Panel, click the "Windows Credential Manager" in the suggested results. Then find the GitHub credentials in the credential manager window and delete them.

Then it's time to log in. In the past, you had to log in to your GitHub account in Git like this:

Git terminal will pop up a login window to let you enter the account ID and password, this window is actually of no use, you can use `Esc` to turn it off, or you fill in the ID and password and confirm, you are still not logged in.

The Git terminal will still ask you to enter your account ID and password in the terminal, but it will not be displayed in visible text, and then the login is successful.

However, after August 13, 2021, this login method is also no longer valid. According to this article [Token authentication requirements for Git operations](https://github.blog/2020-12-15-token-authentication-requirements-for-git-operations/) , the account ID and password cannot be used now, you must use the authentication credentials generated by the GitHub backend to log in to the GitHub account on the Git terminal.

What should we do?

1. Upgrade your Git terminal, download the latest version from the official website, and install it.
2. Log in to your second GitHub account in the browser, got to `Settings > Developer Settings > Personal access tokens`, and click `Generate new token` to copy the long string of token codes.
3. Go back to the Git terminal, try commit and then push, the terminal will pop up a window, paste the token into it.

## Switch back to the first GitHub account

Then a problem came, my repos developed with the first GitHub account can no longer be operated.

It’s okay if you switch back with the previous method, but I may need to update the repos of both accounts in the future, and it will be very troublesome to switch like this.

Is there a way to log in to two GitHub at the same time on the same computer?

After searching for a while, I didn’t find it, so I thought, can I download the GitHub desktop version and log in to my first GitHub account to try?

So downloading, installing, logging in, and associating existing projects, this worked!

After I modified the codes in repos of my first GitHub account, I used the GitHub desktop version to submit, and after I changed the project of the second GitHub account, I could use the Git terminal to submit it. No conflicts occurred, which was perfect.

The above is how to log in to two GitHub accounts on the same computer at the same time, I hope it will be useful to everyone.

Thank you for reading this article.